[SWUI-27] Restructure docs and add SwiftUI. (#1628)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/uikit/uikit-overview.md

---
title: Overview
slug: /uikit
---

> We have a component library available for UIKit. The library includes an extensive set of performant and customizable UI components which allow you to get started quickly with little to no plumbing required. The libraries support:

Reviewer: We are talking about a single library here, not plural
```suggestion
We have a component library available for UIKit. The library includes an extensive set of performant and customizable UI components which allow you to get started quickly with little to no plumbing required. The library support:
```

---
title: UIKit Overview
slug: /uikit
---

Building on top of the the Stream Chat API, the Stream Chat iOS component libraries include everything you need to build feature-rich and high-functioning chat user experiences out of the box.

> We have a component library available for both UIKit. The library includes an extensive set of performant and customizable UI components which allow you to get started quickly with little to no plumbing required. The libraries supports:

Reviewer: Don't understand the "both"? 🤔 Or it was "both UIKit and SwiftUI" ? 
```suggestion
We have a component library available for UIKit. The library includes an extensive set of performant and customizable UI components which allow you to get started quickly with little to no plumbing required. The libraries support:
```

- Rich media messages
- Reactions
- Threads and quoted replies
- Text input commands (ex: Giphy and @mentions)
- Image and file uploads
- Video playback
- Read state and typing indicators
- Channel and message lists
- Push (APN or Firebase)
- Offline storage

> - OSX

Reviewer: These are actually supported by the Low Level Client, not the UIKit SDK

### Dependencies 

This SDK tries to keep the list of external dependencies to a minimum, these are the dependencies currently used:

#### StreamChatUI

- [Nuke](https://github.com/kean/Nuke) for loading images  
- [SwiftyGif](https://github.com/kirualex/SwiftyGif) for high performance GIF rendering
- StreamChat the low-level client to Stream Chat API

#### StreamChat

> - [Starscream](https://github.com/daltoniam/Starscream) to handle WebSocket connections

Reviewer: This is duplicated. Shouldn't we remove this section from the Overview.md and only put this is here on the UIKit version?
